fix rubberband on windows
fix style on windows
fix image loading sometimes breaking on compiled version (primarily windows?)

burn draft
picks log view
seen cards view
add unpickable ghost cards of known non wheels from booster
current pick info
current pack # info
remember card positions in pool on draft reconnect

dont add cards to hidden views on doubble click? (so when pool is hidden, default double click on card in maindeck moves to sideboard and vice versa)
insert column/row before/after option on grid aligner
when clicking card, set as only selected card
ability to shrink card view more
instead of just "select matching", full search dialog, with option to exit and select matching
search dialog searching entire tab (all views in pool or deck or whatever)
find out what to do with selections in multiple views at once. it is intuitive enough, but it is really unintuitive when commands that works in a view does not work even though the cards are selected (usecase: double click card, then reconsider and press delete. result: nothing happens. expected result (prob): card should be deleted)
hard time generating db on windows. only works on 64 bit python.
remove scenecard, just move physicalcards into same file as cubescene prob
sort macroes
make dynamic stacking grid able no handle arbitrary row amount
option for visual menu when selecting printing (also for cardboards with many printing, espcially relevant for basics)
visual indicator of logged in status
ability to log out
make tickets work with cards in traps
auto sort non emb files on open?
fix bunchview drop card on last card in first column puts it in first in second.
on cubeable view thing, set image to card back when loading instead of using previous image
ability to point dbbuilder at exising db/json / download db directly
db info view (checksum, latest expansion etc)
only ask about saving when closing tab when changes has actually modified it (not just a bunch of intra scene moves)
dont ask about saving for limited pools when it does not make sense. like, after submitting a pool and closing tab. (maybe still remember layout on reopen?)
auto sorted mode in cubeimage view (cant move cards in view, sort selected for both directions, auto updated)
    also option to merge identical cards like arena
save cubeimageview transform state in session
move cards retaining structure in stacking grid option
should flatten all be recursive? should it be an option? (or maybe just in general)
right click -> move to -> (maindeck etc.) on physical card
right click -> move to -> (maindeck etc.) on table view row
drag and drop from table
color identity in table
filtering in table
flatten etc from table
intention type in table?
customize hotkeys
settings editor in general
some sort of groupes list view. doesnt necessarily have to be editable, but hoverable at least. something like a standard web view of a deck for an easy text based overview.
dont show info only related to image view when in table mode only in cubeview (align selector etc)
auto-focus name column when selecting table view to easier look up names
ctrl / alt / ctrl + alt modifiers for selecting in cubeimageview (something like add, remove, intersect (and negative intersect?))
dont let table view steal control tabbing priority
image view in card adder
make printings filtering in cardadder optional

proper undo command names
what is natural when going through a bunched pile? when you double click a card, to move to or from pool, how should the other cards be rearranged?
merge contextmenu overlap when multiple physical cards selected
ability to resize graphicsscenes
save session on qt error, or at elast periodically. is it saved on computer shutdown?
aligner cursor meme?
alternate card image? (cropped + name?)
draw viewport indicator on minimap? lmao
rubberband update selection / show preview while dragging?
find out what to do with the notification system meme
customize enabled columns in table
add relecvant text to aplication header
